Add Note for VM Default Resource Limit issue #5449 (#786)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/resource-quota.md

1. Specify the desired project **Name**. Next, go to the **Resource Quotas** tab and select the **Add Resource** option. Within the **Resource Type** field, select either **CPU Limit** or **Memory Limit** and define the **Project Limit** and **Namespace Default Limit** values.
  ![](/img/v1.4/rancher/create-project.png)

:::note

> The **VM Default Resource Limit** name is inaccurate and is scheduled to be removed or renamed in a future version. "VM Default Resource Limit", Rancher sets `LimitRange` to related namespace. The config is set as `default` and `defaultRequest`, not `max` and `min`, so it only takes effect if a pod doesn't set related limit and request. Since a VM can not be created without setting CPU and Memory, the `LimitRange` will only be applicable for non VM workloads if provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "VM Default Resource Limit" is used to set default request/limit on compute resources for pods running within the namespace, using the Kubernetes `LimitRange` API. The resource "reservation" and "limit" values correspond to the `defaultRequest` and `default` limits of the namespace's `LimitRange` configuration. These settings are applied to pod workloads only.

These configuration will be removed in the future. See issue https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/5652. 
```
